README.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/davidschlachter/policymanual/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/davidschlachter/policymanual/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Add sample content to template

README.md, after:

# Canadian Meat Council Policy Manual

Fall 2017, Issue 1

This document outlines policies adopted by the Board of Directors of the CMC and directives to CMC staff members. It is provided as a reference to facilitate consistent communication by CMC members within and outside of the organization. The date after the issue title indicates when the policy or staff directive was approved by the Board of Directors. The far-right column indicates when a policy decision would normally be reviewed by the Board of Directors as an agenda item at the regular Board meeting that corresponds to this frequency. Staff directives are normally reviewed annually until completed. This document is also available on-line at [www.cmc-cvc.com](www.cmc-cvc.com) in the members-only portion of the CMC website. Printed versions are produced quarterly and mailed to Board members and made available to CMC members and Associate Members upon request.

## Trade Agreements

### NAFTA modernization

Dec. 2017 Quarterly

*Round 5 was held in Dec. in Mexico City, intercessional meetings are expected in Washington D.C. in Dec. with full rounds resuming in January 2018.*

- That CMC support the Government of Canada’s efforts to modernize the NAFTA.
- That a termination clause and ineffective formal dispute settlement mechanisms would stifle further investment.
- That the following be sought in the negotiations: Modern SPS rights and obligations, full U.S./Canada food safety system equivalence recognition + joint food safety risk assessments + increased science / technical / regulatory cooperation.
- That the CMC supports in principle the creation of a North America Food Safety Authority to increase competitiveness in safeguarding consumers.
- That U.S. re-inspection is redundant and needs to be eliminated.
- That USDA and CBGA grades be formally recognized as equivalent, allowing beef to be sold in both countries with either label.
- That access to the U.S. for SRM-removed MBM needs to be restored as it presents even lower risks that imports of Cattle.
- That the Berry Amendment and the National School Lunch Act’s “Buy American” provisions should be eliminated, allowing Canada to supply U.S. government contracts.

## Section 2

Maecenas gravida lorem ac placerat ullamcorper. In nec ligula eu ante maximus bibendum ut ut dui. Sed fermentum sollicitudin velit, eget mollis arcu efficitur nec. Pellentesque vel hendrerit est. Sed hendrerit, mi id hendrerit lacinia, dui justo malesuada quam, at euismod sapien nisl eget odio. Praesent tincidunt risus vitae libero accumsan pellentesque. Vestibulum eget sollicitudin lorem. Curabitur ac sapien et tellus vulputate fermentum eu vel arcu. Pellentesque vitae orci in nisi consequat condimentum.

Integer sit amet rutrum ipsum. Nulla molestie sodales augue quis mattis. Nam eu aliquet justo. Fusce malesuada lectus dictum ipsum condimentum, et sollicitudin tortor efficitur. Pellentesque eget purus accumsan, viverra nibh non, commodo dui. Suspendisse viverra volutpat augue, sed feugiat augue varius non. Etiam cursus a augue quis pulvinar. Nunc ut lacus non odio pellentesque ullamcorper iaculis sed lorem. Sed tincidunt tempor eros.
